Add code to validate Canonical OCs in README (#4319)
openconfig/featureprofiles: doc/test-requirements-template.md

NOTE: If the test requires configuration or state which are not defined in the
[public OC data models]([url](https://github.com/openconfig/public)), then new OC
paths must be proposed in this README. A "TODO" comment must be provided linking
to a pull request to add these paths to the public OC models repository. The
README may be approved and merged before the TODO item(s) are resolved. A heading
cannot be called "Canonical OC" if it contains invalid OC and each README must have at

> least one "Canonical OC" heading to be validated.

Reviewer: How can we validate a README that needs new OC paths that are not yet part of the public OC models?  Ideally we would validate only the paths in the canonical OC which are valid and skip those which are not.  JSON does not allow comments, so we can't comment out the fake/proposed OC fields.

Perhaps new fields could have a prefix added to their name like `fake-` and strip them from the JSON before validating? (in effect, causing them to be skipped by the validator)  ie:

```
   fake-new-leaf is proposed OC at  # TODO https://github.com/openconfig/public/pull/1234
```
```json
{
  "openconfig-qos": {
    "interfaces": [
      {
        "config": {
          "interface-id": "PortChannel1.100"
        },
        "input": {
          "classifiers": [
            {
              "classifier": "dest_A",
              "config": {
                "name": "dest_A",
                "type": "IPV4"
              }
            }
          ],
          "scheduler-policy": {
            "config": {
              "name": "limit_group_A_1Gb",
              "fake-new-leaf": "my_new_value" 
            }
          }
        },
        "interface": "PortChannel1.100"
      },
    ]
  }
}
```

Reviewer: On second thought, this proposal is too simplistic as it wouldn't handle orphaned lists and containers.  

Leaving out fake/proposed paths from the canonical OC and validating schema is still making good progress, so I support merging as is.   I'll make a different suggestion for the text to help make what we want from authors more clear.

> paths must be proposed in this README. A "TODO" comment must be provided linking
> to a pull request to add these paths to the public OC models repository. The
> README may be approved and merged before the TODO item(s) are resolved. A heading
> cannot be called "Canonical OC" if it contains invalid OC and each README must have at
> least one "Canonical OC" heading to be validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paths must be proposed in the "OpenConfig Path and RPC Coverage" heading for this
README.  A "TODO" comment must be provided linking to a pull request to add these 
"proposed paths" to the public OC models repository should be provided. The README
may be approved and merged before the TODO item(s) are resolved. 

At least one "Canonical OC" heading must be present with JSON content in the README.
This JSON may only include OC paths defined in the master branch of the
[openconfig/public](https://github.com/openconfig/public/tree/master) data models.  Any
"proposed paths" must be left out of the "Canonical OC" JSON. 
```

Reviewer: Please make this update before merging

          "scheduler-policy": {
            "config": {
              "name": "limit_group_A_1Gb",

>               "new-leaf": "my_new_value"

Reviewer: Remove this line as the canonical OC would not parse with this `new-leaf` as it is not part of the public OC data models.
